The software as described above and called "CANTOR" is filed under no
IDDN.FR.001.160022.01.R.P.2000.000.00000 at the program protection
Agency situated in Paris (119 Rue de Flandres, 75019 PARIS - France)

The CNES grants the licensee, be it a physical person or a legal
entity, a free non-exclusive licence.

This licence is established in French and English, the French version
being the sole binding version.

The licence is subject to French law.

In the event of a dispute, the latter will be presented before the
Paris court that has jurisdiction.

TRANSFERRED RIGHTS

On this initial version of the "CANTOR" software available in source
code accompanied by the instructions, the CNES grants the licensee the
right to use, reproduce and redistribute the software on a free "as
is" basis only. The CNES furthermore grants the licensee the right to
translate, modify and adapt, and incorporate this same software into
another software.

For translations or new versions of the "CANTOR" software or versions
implying incorporation of the software into another software carried
out by the licensee, the latter can distribute them free of charge or
for a fee.

The initial version of the "CANTOR" software can also be sold
indirectly if it is only part of a global commercial proposal.

Redistribution of the software by the licensee under the above
conditions is authorised be it free of charge or for a fee provided
that the rights concerning the CNES part in the sub-licences are
transferred under the same conditions as in this licence.

The rights stipulated above are granted to the licensee on the
distinct understanding that:

§ it is essential to maintain the CNES copyright and the reference to
this license that appears on each copy of the initial version of the
"CANTOR" software and the accompanying instructions but also on all
the copies of each translation or new version or any software in which
the "CANTOR" software has been incorporated.

§ the licensee will not use the "CANTOR" software in any way that
could damage the image of the CNES, notably its scientific and
technical reputation.

§ that the licensee, in the event of redistribution of the "CANTOR"
software will ensure that the source code and the corresponding
instructions are delivered.

If the licensee should fail to satisfy any one of these conditions he
would become ipso facto an illegal user liable to prosecution for
infringement. Furthermore, the CNES declares that the "CANTOR"
software was not designed or developed with a view to designing,
building or servicing nuclear or medical installations. Consequently
the licensee undertakes not to use it to the ends put forward above
and guarantees the CNES that neither he nor any third party to whom he
may have redistributed the "CANTOR" software will use it to these ends
.

Moreover, the CNES, concerned to improve the software, would like to
benefit from the improvement or new versions of the "CANTOR" software
that the licensee may have made. The same applies to any improvements
or new versions of the "CANTOR" software made by his sub-licensees.

In the event that the aforementioned accept to allow the CNES to
benefit from the improvements or new versions, the licensee will make
the necessary arrangements in order to be in a position to communicate
this information to the CNES.

Delivery to the CNES of the source code and instructions concerning
these improvements or new versions made by the licensee or
sub-licensee authorises the CNES to redistribute them under the same
conditions as those stipulated in this licence.

It follows that the licensee, on the improvements or new versions made
by himself or those made and communicated by his sub-licensee for
which he himself will obtain the necessary transfer of rights, will
grant the CNES free of charge and with no exclusive right, a right to
use, reproduce, translate, modify and adapt, incorporate into another
software and to redistribute free of charge or for a fee.

GUARANTEE

The licensee uses the "CANTOR" software as supplied, on an "as is"
basis, at his own risk, without any guarantee of any kind from the
CNES. The CNES is under no obligation to correct the bugs or any
deficiencies of any nature in the "CANTOR" software.

Any guarantee, whatever the express or implicit conditions, any
alleged marketing guarantee or guarantee against an action for
infringement is excluded here. The CNES is not responsible for any
damages sustained by the licensee that may result from the use,
modification or distribution of the "CANTOR" software or its
derivative versions.

Similarly, the CNES is not responsibly in any way for any loss of
income, profit or data or any direct or indirect damages liable to
arise from using the software or because the latter is not operative,
even if the CNES has been warned of the prospect of such damages.

By using the "CANTOR" software, the user accepts the terms of the
above licence.
